---
title: "Introduction"
date: 2019-07-06
week: Introduction
---

<p>Starting today I will be working on this blog to update everyone
on what is going on in my life, the projects I'm working on, and
things that I find neat. I will try to write frequently about 
features I'll be adding to this site and about what work I am
doing to find a job. I will try to keep the updates of my personal 
and professional lives distinct so it's easier to look back and
reflect.</p>

<h3>Personal</h3>
<p>Before I begin gabbing on about my life, I'd like to introduce
myself and my hobbies. For the past ten years, I have been an avid
video game fan. I love the artistry behind games, and I love seeing
new rendering techniques in action. I also enjoy playing tennis,
going hiking, and swimming. However, outdoor activities during the
harsh winters in Wyoming can sometimes be unachievable. I also enjoy
staying inside on the colder days and knitting, playing board games
or drinking hot chocolate with friends. Even though I have some 
favorite activities, I love to try new things. Some day, I would love
to travel around the world, and experience new cultures. </p>

<h3>Professional</h3>
<p>I recently graduated from the University of Wyoming with a 
Bachelor's degree in computer sceince. I mainly studied backend C++ 
with some classes in computer graphics. In my time at the University,
I learned C++, Java, Haskell, Solidity, and OCaml from classes. On my 
own, I taught myself HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. I want to continue to
learn languages and create useful applications now that I've finished
school. I'm currently looking for a job where I can build useful 
applications for others.</p>